Hello Delowar Hossan your Programing is not vigibole
2. My dear, today I am writing about you after a long time. Maybe this is my last letter to you. Owing to the weapons of the eye. If you remember his love. Eyelids wet, distress levels rise like the mercury in a thermometer. So I thought I will not think of you anymore. No more you can be thought of as a mouthful of sweet tipti burgers. you are fine You know I'm fine alone without you. Only you miss the teeth. Now there is no fear of running out of mobile balance. With a little money now my month goes by. I don't think about you so much anymore, but I'm fine. I already gave up on that guy who only held hands once. I no longer go to sleep with an alarm. I will see you in the morning. I can't remember the smell of your aloe hair now that I close my eyes. I'm really fine. Your troubles no longer make you cry. Maybe the feelings are blunted. And how long ago I raised my resentment towards you and crushed it in the distant sky. But the illusion still remains. I may not lose you like a termite. Doubt whether I will meet you again. Then you might try to get to know each other, right? And thank you for loving me so much. How happy people are when they get a little love. And I got a lot of love from you. I am truly grateful to you. Know that I am not dead, do not be afraid. Death is my feeling. The death of love is the death of not being near you. But I don't blame you for that. People who love never have to worry. All they have to do is love with all their compassion. I wanted to hug you one day. I love you so much please don't leave me anywhere. I have said many things today. My mind is getting bad again, I can feel your presence in the corner of my eyes. No, I will not write about you. I know you will never come back. You and your love are far away from me. My request to you is never to be upset. I am your treasure, don't shed your tears for me. Maybe I am not worthy of your tears. Stay well my close people. Be very, very good.
4. I miss you so much today. But today I have nothing but your memory. You left me alone. Everyone says that I have changed. Your neglect has changed me. Mother used to say that I see a little. No matter how hard it is now, Kadina. I have learned to tolerate. Before saying you can't live a moment without me. You are doing well now, it is normal to be well, isn't it? Because I'm gone from your life. Stay well. good stay my love May my loved ones be well